# Terms and Conditions

## 1.0 Introduction and Agreement

1.1. Please read these Terms and Conditions. When using this Service (as defined herein), you may be subject to other posted terms and guidelines applicable to certain services available on this website. Some of the tools used in the Service may be operated by third parties, and your use of them is subject to both the terms of this Agreement and to the policies of their third-party providers. All terms and guidelines for this Service, including our Privacy Statement and third party policies, are part of this Agreement (collectively, the “Agreement") (including any other now known or to be created Services, domains, websites, products, applications, mobile applications, services, and/or Content provided by Lynr). 

1.2. By using or accessing the Services, (including accessing this Services through automated means) constitutes your use of the website and your agreement to be bound by this Agreement. You ("Subscriber" or "you") agree that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you don’t agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shouldn't, and aren't permitted to, use the Services.  These Terms and Conditions apply to all versions of the Service as well as to any entity that Lynr, affiliates with, licenses from, is distribution partners with, or any other entity engaged by Lynr (collectively, “Affiliates") in providing the Service, where applicable.

## 2.0 Lynr Service

2.1. The services (the "Service") are owned and operated by Lynr, LLC ("Lynr"). Lynr operates the Service as an inventory, advertising and research service for car sellers to help post advertisements to the internet to help find potential buyers. Lynr does not sell vehicles directly.  

2.2. You agree and acknowledge that Lynr (a) is not a party to any transaction between any potential buyers and you, (b) does not guarantee any transaction or the subject of such transaction between you and a third party, (c) will not collect or process payment for a resulting sale or transfer of title on behalf of any buyers or you, or (d) warehouse, store, ship or deliver any vehicles.

2.3. Lynr reserves the right to change, restrict access to, suspend, or discontinue this Services, or any portion thereof.

## 3.0 Seller Offers

You may choose to include information about special offers, incentives, or pricing programs associated with a specific brand, model, or vehicle ("Offers"). Lynr is not responsible for, and you hereby indemnify and hold harmless Lynr, for the content of any such Offers and any errors or omissions in Offers contents or descriptions. Any potential buyer should contact you as the relevant advertiser for full details on any such Offers, including eligibility requirements, limitations and restrictions, and availability.

## 4.0 Intellectual Property and Content

4.1. All information and content available from this Service (collectively, "Content") is protected by all legal and equitable remedies by the respective owner of it. The Content is owned by Lynr, its Affiliates, and/or their respective licensors and suppliers (collectively, "Licensors"). The Content is intended for the limited use as provided for under these Service only. You may not reproduce, sell, resell, publish, distribute, modify, display, allow a third party to access, perform, re-post or otherwise use any portion of the Content in any other way or for any other purpose outside of that of the Services without the prior written consent of Lynr. Any other unauthorized use, reproduction, creation of derivative works, transmission, display or distribution of the Content is strictly prohibited. 

4.2. You acknowledge that the Content may include logos, product or company names, or certain trademarks and service marks owned by Lynr, Affiliates, Licensors and others. You agree not to copy, use or otherwise infringe upon or dilute these trademarks or service marks. You further agree that you will not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from any copies of the Content. For the avoidance of doubt, the "Lynr" name and logo are trademarks of Lynr, LLC. 

4.3. Please note that all software programming, including without limitation all HTML and other code contained in this Service (collectively, "Software"), is owned by Lynr and/or its Licensors and is protected by copyright laws and other intellectual property laws, as well as international treaty or convention. Any unauthorized access to, reproduction, redistribution, publication, display or other use of the Software is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and/or criminal penalties. 

4.4. You acknowledge that by submitting, transmitting or posting any content, photos, data or other material (“Materials”) on or through the Service, you grant Lynr, Affiliates, or anyone authorized by Lynr, an unrestricted, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, license to use, modify, perform, display, broadcast, reproduce, create derivative works from, transmit, sell or otherwise use, exploit or distribute, at no cost whatsoever, all such Materials (including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights embodied therein), in whole or in part, in any form, software, technology, manner or medium (whether now known or hereafter developed), for any purpose. The foregoing license includes, without limitation, any proprietary rights under copyright, trademark, or patent laws that exist in any applicable jurisdiction. Also, in connection with the exercise of these rights, you grant us and anyone authorized by us, the right to identify you as the author of such material by name, email address or user name, and to use your image and likeness if provided, in connection with such material. You will not receive any compensation of any kind for the use of any material you submit, transmit or post via the Service. Among other uses of user materials, Lynr may use listing data to derive useful information (by way of example and not limitation, vehicle pricing or regional trends) for display, sale and distribution.

## 5.0 DMCA 

5.1. Lynr will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and all other applicable intellectual property laws. Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to a Service Provider's Designated Agent. 

5.2.1. Notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent for this Service:

424 Treat Ave Unit B, San Francisco CA 94110<br />
Phone: 310-853-8659<br />
Email: support@lynr.co<br />

5.2.2. To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

1. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;
1. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Lynr to locate the material identified that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of alleged infringing activity so that it can be removed or access can be disabled;
1. A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
1. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Lynr to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an active electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
1. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and
1. A signature (physical or electronic) of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

## 6.0 Website Interaction

6.1. This Service may offer the ability for users to upload, download, message, link or otherwise interact with the Services. Lynr and its Licensees and Affiliates do not sponsor, guarantee, or endorse and are not responsible in any way for the accuracy or reliability of (without limitation) any advice, opinion, statement, content, practice, products, services or information posted or available from such links. By posting a message or linking, the user agrees to abide by these Terms and Conditions. Lynr reserves the right to suspend and remove any use of the Service to engage in any Prohibited Activities (as defined below). Uploading copyrighted or other proprietary Material of any kind on the Service without the express permission of the owner of that Material is prohibited and may result in civil and/or criminal liability. This Service may include links to other websites not established or supervised by Lynr or any Affiliate. 

6.2. Lynr cannot and does not monitor all of the Materials posted or transmitted by any user or other third-party information providers. Lynr reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to monitor, refuse to publish, remove, delete, move or edit any Materials without notice, at any time for any reason. By using the Service, you expressly agree that Lynr (a) will not be liable to any claims, actions or judgments arising out of or related to any Materials and (b) may monitor, refuse to publish, remove, delete, move or edit any Materials without notice at any time for any reason, without liability and without providing a refund.

6.3. Lynr does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for use or posted on its Services except in connection with the Forums, chat rooms and bulletin boards on the Service. Lynr and the Affiliates shall not be responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to Materials or ideas transmitted to the Service.

## 7.0 Representations/Indemnity

7.1. You hereby represent and warrant that (a) you have all necessary authority, rights and permissions to submit the Materials to the Service, (b) the Materials do not and will not infringe or misappropriate any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property right of any third party, including any rights of privacy or publicity, and (c) the Materials do not and will not violate any applicable law or regulation including, but not limited to, FTC, automobile advertising laws or regulations, or cause injury to any person. 

7.2. You agree to release, defend, indemnify and hold Lynr, its Affiliates, the Licensors, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and contractors harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, demands or expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from (a) any distribution, publication, refusal to publish, removal, deletion, movement, editing or other use of the Materials you provide, (b) your use of the Service or any reliance on the Content, (c) your breach of these Terms and Conditions or (d) any actual, prospective or terminated sale or other transaction between you and a third party.

## 8.0 Prohibited Activities

The following is a partial list of the kinds of activities that are prohibited on or through the Service (collectively, "Prohibited Activities"):

1. engaging in activities or submitting Material that is (i) fraudulent, false or misleading; (ii) promoting or providing instruction of illegal activities; (iii) involves the transmission of unsolicited communication (including but not limited to "junk mail"  or "spam") to Lynr Users or others; (iv) patently offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual (v) advocates or is harassment of another person (vi) abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; (vii) restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images; (viii) displaying pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind; (ix) providing or creating computer viruses; (x) or may solicit passwords or personally identifiable information for unlawful purposes; (xi) engaging in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent (including, without limitation, contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes); 
1. using any (i) virus, robot, spider or other automatic device, or a manual process, for any purpose (including, without limitation, to monitor or copy web pages or the Content contained in the Service or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior expressed written permission); (ii) device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service; 
1. decompiling, reverse engineering, disassembling or otherwise attempting to obtain the source code for the Software; or 
1. taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Lynr's hardware and software infrastructure.

## 9.0 Warranty Disclaimer

THE SITE, THE SOFTWARE, THE CONTENT, THE MATERIALS AND THE LISTING SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND LYNR, THEIR LICENSEES AND AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SITE AND RELIANCE ON ITS CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. LYNR, THEIR LICENSEES AND AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE SITE, THE SOFTWARE, THE CONTENT, THE MATERIALS, THE LISTING SERVICE OR THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING. LYNR, THEIR LICENSEES AND AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO ANY ACTUAL OR PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OR OWNER OF ANY VEHICLE AS TO THE EXISTENCE, OWNERSHIP OR CONDITION OF THE VEHICLE, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION ABOUT A VEHICLE. LYNR CANNOT AND DOES NOT VERIFY OR WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. LYNR RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO CORRECT ANY ERROR OR OMISSION ON THE SITE OR IN THE CONTENT. ALL VEHICLES ARE SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALES. ANY AND ALL CONCERNS, DIFFERENCES OR DISCREPANCIES REGARDING A VEHICLE MUST BE ADDRESSED WITH THE SELLER PRIOR TO THE SALE OF THE VEHICLE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AS THEY ARE UPDATED, CHANGED, OR AMENDED, LYNR DOES NOT MAKE AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES TO YOU REGARDING THE SERVICES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES THAT YOU WILL SELL A VEHICLE, OBTAIN AN ACCEPTABLE PRICE FOR A VEHICLE, ONLY RECEIVE LEGITIMATE INQUIRIES OR SOLICITATIONS FROM QUALIFIED BUYERS, OR RECEIVE ANY INQUIRIES REGARDING A VEHICLE. FOR PURPOSES OF THIS WARRANTY DISCLAIMER, "THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR" DOES NOT INCLUDE YOU. However, if your state does not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.

## 10.0 Limitation of Liability

LYNR,  THEIR LICENSEES AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS AND THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM OR CAUSED BY THE SITE, THE SOFTWARE, CONTENT, THE MATERIALS, THE SERVICES, YOUR BREACH OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT). IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF LYNR, THEIR LICENSEES AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS AND THIRD-PARTY LICENSORS FOR ANY CLAIM EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00 USD). FOR PURPOSES OF THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, "THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR" DOES NOT INCLUDE YOU. However, if your state does not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages of implied warranties, the above exclusion or limitation may not apply to you.

## 11.0 Termination of Service

You understand and agree that in Lynr's sole discretion, and without prior notice to you, your access to this Service may be suspended or terminated. Lynr reserves the right to exercise any other remedy available and remove any Materials if Lynr believes that your use of the Service and/or any Materials you provide (a) violate (i) these Terms and Conditions, (ii) the rights of Lynr, any Affiliate or Licensor, or another User of the Service, or (iii) any law or regulation, or are otherwise objectionable or inappropriate or (b) constitute fraudulent activity of any nature. You acknowledge and agree that any suspension or termination of the Services or monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy to Lynr for violations of these Terms and Conditions, and you consent to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations without the requirement that Lynr post a bond. Lynr is not required to provide any refund to you if you are suspended or terminated as an authorized User of the Service because, in Lynr's sole discretion, you have violated these Terms and Conditions.

## 12.0 Miscellaneous

12.1. These Terms and Conditions may be changed at any time without notice to you of any such changes by an updated posting of the new Terms and Conditions posted on the Service’s website. Your continued use of the Service after the posting of any amended Terms and Conditions shall constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Lynr may modify, suspend, discontinue or restrict the use of any portion of the Service without notice or liability. 

12.2. These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. You hereby agree that any cause of action you may have with respect to the Service must be exclusively filed in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California within one (1) year after the cause of action arises or the cause is barred. You hereby consent to personal jurisdiction in the federal and state courts in San Francisco County, California, and waive any objection based on forum non conveniens. As a condition of using this Service, you agree that all causes of action arising out of or connected with this Service shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. 

12.3. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms and Conditions, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of these Terms and Conditions will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions will continue in full force and effect. Failure by Lynr to enforce any provision of this Terms and Conditions will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other provision of these Terms and Conditions. This Terms and Conditions constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter hereof. Neither this Terms and Conditions, nor any terms and conditions contained herein, shall be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship or granting a franchise between the parties.

This terms and conditions document was last updated on April 8, 2014.

&copy; Lynr, LLC 2014
